welcome to the 200 second issue
top failures and we start open
today's blue team top loops
well-aimed volley wrecked the purple team
Kill does to thrash leaving cleverly
pack lynn and retreats towers under
its pressure on the loop reduces
use ult in the middle of the wave
enemy minions but everything turned out to be in vain
so as to kill the damage ults are not
enough and the loop itself could not
run away having received a lethal dose of damage from
creeps kill got and matured second
the place is awarded to land and tire and blue
Team Malzahar directs powerful
procast tiger followed by ultra tires
rushing to the aid of a single not together
finish off Malzahara but in the end
it does not save them from malachite vision
are founded by the leader of the violet posthumous
double kill for malzahara
best of the worst in today's release
they become scored a voi and genres from blue
teams and was stix arrives from for
Sake is not with gifts as Ulta with
subsequent prokastom part of the ranks
the opponent turned out to be friendly genre
who threw and not on sight will give me
a chance to quit by flash flash exacerbating your
position during the chase unfaithful
flash news seems like fail
go under the wing of trindira but for
Finnish you come glorious days
leaving rhymes action cyber bear with
god time teleported to a little
hostess giving opportunity and 2 run
deadly for and not crow translated and
voiced by the team x does specially
for lol-game.ru the team is looking for them
partner sites for
translations of trailers and tiger reviews from
offers to contact the administration
public or channel author on youtube